**Terms & Conditions**

By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app.

I am committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.

The Habiform app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, to provide my Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the Habiform app won’t work properly or at all.

The app does use third-party services that declare their Terms and Conditions.

Link to Terms and Conditions of third-party service providers used by the app

*   [Expo](https://expo.io/terms)

I developed Habiform in the hope that it will be useful. The app is completely free and contains no ads. I do not earn any money from my app or monetise this app in any way. As such, I do not take any responsibility for the absence of errors or bugs in the app, or general correctness of the app. Similarly, I do not take any responsibility for whether you find my app useful or not.

Along the same lines, I cannot take responsibility for the way you use the app i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, I cannot accept responsibility.

At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on iOS – the requirements for the system(and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. I do not promise that I will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the iOS version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.

**Changes to This Terms and Conditions**

I may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.

These terms and conditions are effective as of 2024-01-31

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact me at habiform_support@protonmail.ch.

This Terms and Conditions page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)